a) Menu Bar: 
	There is a menu bar consisting of File menu and Help menu.

	1. File Menu: File menu has New file, Open file and Exit file.

		i. New file: When we click on File menu and click on New file or press Ctrl + N directly, new file will be generated with empty data inside JTable.

		ii. Open file: When we click on File menu and click on Open file or press Ctrl + O directly, a dialogue box appears with a message open file name and 
		a textfield. Then if we type a name of a previously recorded and saved file, data comes to Jtable and we can have details of them.

		ii. Exit file: When we click on Exit menu and click on Exit, window of a "Computer Accessories Store" terminates.

	2. Help Menu: Help Menu has General Help file and Read Report file.

		i. General Help file: When we click on Help Menu and click on General Help file or directly press Ctrl + H, user manual for client who needs 
		information regarding this "Computer Accessories Store" application appears inside notepad file.

		ii. Read Report file: When we click on Help Menu and click on General Help file, report of whole assignment will appear.


b) Computer Accessories Details JPanel: 
	There are 6 columns with name Product_id, Category, Company, Warranty, Price, Description inside the JTable of Computer Accessories Details JPanel.

	1. Product_id: Product_id column consists of unique combination of characters and numbers to identify the product which are in the store.
	2. Category: Category column consists of type in which products falls in such as Graphics Cards, headphones etc.
	3. Company: Company column consists of name of company which manufatures the product.
	4. Warranty: Warranty column consists of time upto which the product can be replaced and repaired by the store according to the condition occured by situations.
	5. Price: Price column consists of price of product.
	6. Description: Description column consists of details of product.


c) Sort by Price button: 
	When data needs to be arranged in ascending order according to the price, this button will help the user.

d) Sort by Product ID button: 
	When data needs to be arranged in ascending order according to the product ID, this button will help the user.

e) Save button: 
	This button will save the data inside the existing file.

f) Save As button: 
	This button will save the data inside the new file.

g) ADD Product to Store JPanel: 
	This panel consists of Jlabels, Textfields, combo box, check box and buttons to insert value regarding the product such as product_id, name, price and 
	description, to choose warranty time from checkbox, to choose category from combo box, to add these data inside the table and to clear inserted data. And 
	if Add Product button is pressed without inserting values inside Textfield,message box will appear with alert message.

h) Search Products JPanel: 
	This panel consists of TextField and JButtons to insert product by price and to search the product by price. To recognise what need to be inserted inside 
	the TextField, Jlabel is also included. And TextField can also accept integer value. Otherwise, message box will appear with alert message.

i) Query Available Products JPanel: 
	This panel consists of combo box and JButton to know the queries of product by category of product by selecting category name from combo box and by pressing 
	Accessories Available button.



